chore: Update snapwp-helper admin screen steps to reflect changes (#104)
rtCamp/snapwp-helper: CHANGELOG.md

- dev: Deprecate the  `snapwp_helper_get_env_content()` and `snapwp_helper_get_env_variables()` functions, in favor of using the `VariableRegistry` and `Generator` classes directly.
- chore: Fix readme.txt link syntax.
- chore: Update Composer / NPM dependencies to their latest (SemVer-compatible) versions.

> - chore: Update snapwp-helper admin screen steps to reflect changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- chore: Remove `npm install` from admin screen steps since it is no longer required.
```
